the mythology is really a way for
society to their stories that are told
to the people in the society to make
them into a society so that they have a
common belief system and you do that not
by giving them a bunch of lessons but to
give them heroes people who we admire we
want to emulate and they do things wrong
and you say don't do those things wrong
do these things this is what Friendly's
what friendships mean we know you have
these feelings about your father it's
not a secret and your mother and you
know there's a lot of psychology
involved in it but they would pass these
things along and then the society would
have a common history and it would be
bigger than life and they would all join
together and they would use that you
know to make their society function what
interests you about the conflict between
good and evil well a conflict between
good and evil is the basic conflict
the universal question is am i a good
person I mean not counting social
misfits enforcer people people like you
and me yeah no I mean are you a good
person I try to be a good person but of
course that's a very complicated
question it is and it's something you
have to ponder because you're doing it
every day you're saying should I do this
or shouldn't I do this now through
mythology and things were taught certain
things that are good and certain things
that are bad but a thinking person
questions all that say is this really
good am I really doing the right thing
here am I really being a kind
compassionate person because to me
that's really about a compassionate
person as opposed to a person that has
consumed with self-interest or a selfish
person those are the two things mm-hmm
we all have good and evil in us because
we have the selfish side of us and we
have the compassionate side of us the
idea is how do you keep those things in
balance and by keeping those things in
balance
you can do a lot of good things